There were two main phenomena I discovered when diagnosing and exploring the CitiBike data. This is a quick summary of my findings.

The first part of my analysis involves a study on the tendencies of riders by gender. Although the area within inquiry has a higher 
density of female riders, men seem to initialize the majority of rides at most locations. This leads us to believe that men prefer 
our service more than women, even despite the diparity in the population of each. The raw count of trip by gender asserts this 
observation with men more than tripling the total rides of women. Interestingly, women take longer trips on average, despite taking 
less trips. It appears that females prefer longer, less-frequent rides than men do.

Secondly, we conducted a time-series analysis to understand usage across a given week. Initially we see peak bike usage around 8am 
and 5pm. This is expected as most begin and end their work day around these hours and therefore are more likely to use your service 
to commute. Despite such a drastic fluctuation in ride volume throughout the day, the average trip duration seems to stay constantly 
around 17 minutes. This phenomena is true not only within a day but between days as well (apart from the outlier on the 12th of May). 
One possible explaination is that poeple tend to use the the service for intermediate distances (around 17 minutes) and although the 
rate at which the take these trips per hour changes, it's possible that on a per-person basis they are taking a usual, familiar trip. 
Finally we look at the total time users ride CitiBike depending on whether they have a subscription to the service or just an 
occasional customer. As we would expect, Subscribers spend more time on the bikes as a total than casual Customers. This makes sense 
as a Subscriber would try to get more "bang for their buck" than the Customer paying on a per-ride basis. We also see the Subscriber 
riding during the commute hours previously mentioned since many potentially have this subscription with the explicit intent of 
using it as their primary form of commute. The casual rider, on the other hand, has a more sporadic ride schedule consistent with a 
behavior of riding for leisure.